one cars Rubio stuns find entitlement by
way of Caesars Atlantic City with a
thousands in attack boxing is big
business and where there is money
corruption is never far away from fixed
fights too blatant cheating boxing has a
history of controversy in given the
stakes of a big fight there are there is
virtually nothing the handler a fire
won't do even legends of the ring like
Jack Dempsey seen here before his fight
with Jess Willard have been accused of
bending the rules to gain an advantage
supposedly he had some kind of object in
his gloves 24 shots will it and he'd bet
money on himself at ten to one odds
$10,000 on himself to 10 to 1 odds that
he would not go out one round Dempsey
knocked his opponent down seven times
with ease in the first round he launched
a barrage the central lock down time
time again Willard left the ring with
broken ribs and some missing teeth the
champion fought like a man on a mission
he was so anxious to collect his money
as soon as if i was only went into the
crowd looking for the book bookmaker to
get the money and supposedly left
something in the corner that looked like
it might have been a piece of metal a
piece of a ball nobody knows it could
have been a cigar whether that story's
true or not I don't doubt that a lot of
that kind of stuff went on and while the
state commissions in the United States
don't necessarily regulate boxing as
well as I would like to see them do it's
a hell of a lot better than it was 50
years ago or 70 years ago when you could
get away with a lot more but in 1983
boxing was dragged through the mud again
this time by trainer Panama Lewis after
he removed padding from the gloves of
his fighter Louie resto before his crush
with Billy Collins Billy Collins was a
hot prospect hit from Tennessee and
after getting pounded till his face was
virtually nothing more than just a big
lump of black and blue we found out the
resto had padding removed from his
gloves he went to jail he was suspended
to life as was Panama Lewis that was
just an example that was madison square
garden that was that was a huge fight
card the whole world was watching and it
happened so nothing would surprise me in
terms of what lanes someone would go to
to win a box on it 20 years after Panama
Lewis Shane boxing in front of the
watching world it looks like others are
still trying to gain that unfair
advantage something Glenn cat we found
out when he defended his WBC super
middleweight title in South Africa
against Dingaan thobela
once it sticks out in my mind or in any
other punch was the very first one in
the first round who a jab it was like
being hit with a glass ashtray and never
felt nothing like it before I've never
said it before and I don't want to resit
again I was scared to be in it by an
that night talented catleap took the
beating for most of the fight tabela
then sent the Briton to the canvas in
the twelfth and final round to become
the new world champion
the next day I woke up and I had actual
physical welts and indentation on your
face I mean this is the boxing game you
get him punching you're gonna get
bruises but not actual lines or see no
proof then you know my suspicions I knew
then that something wasn't right and
then a couple of weeks after I got back
from Africa me on the phone the app to
first of all give me his condolences to
see and I'm sorry to hear about the
fight secondly if you watch the table he
said will you look at a team is he look
at the guys bandages he said it looks
hurt and his words were looks tiny but a
mobile phone strapped to his knuckles
there are strict rules as to taping of
hands and developing up and both the
taping and the gloving up a gun under
the supervision now the same situation
should have applied in South Africa but
we know from the reports we received
that that didn't apply so clearly
something broke down and it was so
obvious and it was obvious to me after
being whacked in the face or to our
range with it that now there was
something in the pantages went to the
WBC avicii convention no but a complaint
and to be honest everybody they have
seen that seen the photographs were
horrified and everybody just said yet
there any of the badges are loaded
impossible to have that shape poundage
that saw his bandage after four rounds
of boxing we were able to prove to the
satisfaction of the World Boxing Council
that there sufficient grounds existed to
suggest that everything was not all
right with the gloving and taping of
Sibella Dingaan thobela was inspected as
berries or a sign but then he was left
completely in the tentative I think for
35 minutes before the actual fight he
wasn't checked when his clothes went on
or nothing nor was i I think it's fair
to say that in the world of professional
boxing there is still great progress
that needs to be made but my god some
other places in the world is that need
that little bit more work
Gwen's complaint was upheld by the WBC
who ordered a rematch with Tavella but
the South African lost his title in his
first defense and has not won a fight
since Catholic did get another shot at
the world title but failed to win back
his belt up next we go toe-to-toe with
two of boxing's toughest fighters the
actual words
Carl
let's get back to the birds
ah
this way this way come on